1)
Main inside :
return and no argument 
show1() : return type :byte 
show2() :return type :short 
show3() :return type :long
show4() :return type :double 
show5() :return type :boolean
show6() :return type :float 
show7() :return type :char 
show8() :return type :String 

user input 

sol.
import java.util.Scanner;
//return and no argument
public class retnoargMain {
    Scanner sc = new Scanner(System.in);

    
    int show1() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the int value: ");
        int a = sc.nextInt();

        return a;
    }

    byte show2() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the byte value: ");
        byte a = sc.nextByte();

        return a;
    }

    short show3() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the short value: ");
        short a = sc.nextShort();

        return a;
    }

    long show4() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the long value: ");
        long a = sc.nextLong();

        return a;
    }

    double show5()
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the double value: ");
        double a = sc.nextDouble();

        return a;
    }

    boolean show6() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the boolean value: ");
        boolean a = sc.nextBoolean();

        return a;
    }

    float show7() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the float value: ");
        float a = sc.nextFloat();

        return a;
    }

    char show8() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the char value: ");
        char a = sc.next().charAt(0);

        return a;
    }

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        retnoargMain k = new retnoargMain();
        int a = k.show1();
        System.out.println(a);

        byte b = k.show2();
        System.out.println(b);

        short c = k.show3();
        System.out.println(c);

        long d = k.show4();
        System.out.println(d);

        double e = k.show5();
        System.out.println(e);

        boolean f = k.show6();
        System.out.println(f);

        float g = k.show7();
        System.out.println(g);

        char h = k.show8();
        System.out.println(h);

    }
}

Main inside :

2)return and no argument 
add() =>a+b 
sub() =>a-b 
multi() =>a*b 
div() =>a/b 
mod() =>a%b 

user input

sol.
import java.util.Scanner;
//return and no argument
public class retnoargMain1 {
    Scanner sc = new Scanner(System.in);

    int add() {
        System.out.print("Enter the first number: ");
        int a = sc.nextInt();

        System.out.print("Enter the second number: ");
        int b = sc.nextInt();

        int c = a+b;

        return c;
    }

    int subt() {
        System.out.print("Enter the first number: ");
        int a = sc.nextInt();

        System.out.print("Enter the second number: ");
        int b = sc.nextInt();

        int c =a-b;

        return c;
    }

    int mult() {
        System.out.print("Enter the first number: ");
        int a = sc.nextInt();

        System.out.print("Enter the second number: ");
        int b = sc.nextInt();

        int c = a*b;

        return c;
    }

    int div() {
        System.out.print("Enter the first number: ");
        int a = sc.nextInt();

        System.out.print("Enter the second number: ");
        int b = sc.nextInt();

        int c = a/b;

        return c;
    }

    int mod() {
        System.out.print("Enter the first number: ");
        int a = sc.nextInt();

        System.out.print("Enter the second number: ");
        int b = sc.nextInt();

        int c = a%b;

        return c;
    }

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        retnoargMain1 k = new retnoargMain1();
        int add = k.add();
        System.out.println("Addition is " + add);

        int subt = k.subt();
        System.out.println("Subtraction is " + subt);

        int mult = k.mult();
        System.out.println("Multiplication is " + mult);

        int div = k.div();
        System.out.println("Division is " + div);

        int mod = k.mod();
        System.out.println("Modulus is " + mod);

    }
}
A class  :
return and no argument 
show1() : return type :byte 
show2() :return type :short 
show3() :return type :long
show4() :return type :double 
show5() :return type :boolean
show6() :return type :float 
show7() :return type :char 
show8() :return type :String 

user input 

sol.
import java.util.Scanner;
//outer main class
//no return and no argument
class j {
    Scanner sc = new Scanner(System.in);

    int show1() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the int value: ");
        int a = sc.nextInt();

        return a;
    }
    byte show2() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the byte value: ");
        byte a = sc.nextByte();

        return a;
    }

    short show3() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the short value: ");
        short a = sc.nextShort();

        return a;
    }

    long show4() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the long value: ");
        long a = sc.nextLong();

        return a;
    }

    double show5()
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the double value: ");
        double a = sc.nextDouble();

        return a;
    }

    boolean show6() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the boolean value: ");
        boolean a = sc.nextBoolean();

        return a;
    }

    float show7() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the float value: ");
        float a = sc.nextFloat();

        return a;
    }

    char show8() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the char value: ");
        char a = sc.next().charAt(0);

        return a;
    }
}

public class retnoargMain2{
public static void main(String[] args) {
    j k = new j();
    int a = k.show1();
    System.out.println(a);

    byte b = k.show2();
    System.out.println(b);

    short c = k.show3();
    System.out.println(c);

    long d = k.show4();
    System.out.println(d);

    double e = k.show5();
    System.out.println(e);

    boolean f = k.show6();
    System.out.println(f);

    float g = k.show7();
    System.out.println(g);

    char h = k.show8();
    System.out.println(h);

}
}

import java.util.Scanner;
//outer main class
//no return and no argument
class j {
    Scanner sc = new Scanner(System.in);

    int show1() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the int value: ");
        int a = sc.nextInt();

        return a;
    }
    byte show2() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the byte value: ");
        byte a = sc.nextByte();

        return a;
    }

    short show3() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the short value: ");
        short a = sc.nextShort();

        return a;
    }

    long show4() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the long value: ");
        long a = sc.nextLong();

        return a;
    }

    double show5()
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the double value: ");
        double a = sc.nextDouble();

        return a;
    }

    boolean show6() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the boolean value: ");
        boolean a = sc.nextBoolean();

        return a;
    }

    float show7() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the float value: ");
        float a = sc.nextFloat();

        return a;
    }

    char show8() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the char value: ");
        char a = sc.next().charAt(0);

        return a;
    }
}

public class retnoargMain2{
public static void main(String[] args) {
    j k = new j();
    int a = k.show1();
    System.out.println(a);

    byte b = k.show2();
    System.out.println(b);

    short c = k.show3();
    System.out.println(c);

    long d = k.show4();
    System.out.println(d);

    double e = k.show5();
    System.out.println(e);

    boolean f = k.show6();
    System.out.println(f);

    float g = k.show7();
    System.out.println(g);

    char h = k.show8();
    System.out.println(h);

}
}

import java.util.Scanner;
//outer main class
//no return and no argument
class j {
    Scanner sc = new Scanner(System.in);

    int show1() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the int value: ");
        int a = sc.nextInt();

        return a;
    }
    byte show2() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the byte value: ");
        byte a = sc.nextByte();

        return a;
    }

    short show3() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the short value: ");
        short a = sc.nextShort();

        return a;
    }

    long show4() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the long value: ");
        long a = sc.nextLong();

        return a;
    }

    double show5()
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the double value: ");
        double a = sc.nextDouble();

        return a;
    }

    boolean show6() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the boolean value: ");
        boolean a = sc.nextBoolean();

        return a;
    }

    float show7() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the float value: ");
        float a = sc.nextFloat();

        return a;
    }

    char show8() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the char value: ");
        char a = sc.next().charAt(0);

        return a;
    }
}

public class retnoargMain2{
public static void main(String[] args) {
    j k = new j();
    int a = k.show1();
    System.out.println(a);

    byte b = k.show2();
    System.out.println(b);

    short c = k.show3();
    System.out.println(c);

    long d = k.show4();
    System.out.println(d);

    double e = k.show5();
    System.out.println(e);

    boolean f = k.show6();
    System.out.println(f);

    float g = k.show7();
    System.out.println(g);

    char h = k.show8();
    System.out.println(h);

}
}

4)return and no argument 
A class :
show1() : return type :byte 
show2() :return type :short

B class :
show3() :return type :long
show4() :return type :double  


C class :
show5() :return type :boolean
show6() :return type :float 
 
Main class :
show7() :return type :char 
show8() :return type :String 

user input 

sol.

import java.util.Scanner;
//in two different class
//return and no argument
class A {

    byte show1() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the byte value: ");
        byte a = sc.nextByte();

        return a;
    }

    short show2() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the short value: ");
        short a = sc.nextShort();

        return a;
    }

}

class B {
    long show3() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the long value: ");
        long a = sc.nextLong();

        return a;
    }

    double show4()
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the double value: ");
        double a = sc.nextDouble();

        return a;
    }
}
class C {
    boolean show5() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the boolean value: ");
        boolean a = sc.nextBoolean();

        return a;
    }

    float show6() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the float value: ");
        float a = sc.nextFloat();

        return a;
    }
}
    
    
public class retnoargMain3 {
    char show7() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the char value: ");
        char a = sc.next().charAt(0);

        return a;
    }
    String show8() 
    {
        System.out.print("Enter the string value: ");
        String a = sc.next();

        return a;
    }

    public static void main(String[] args) {

        Scanner sc = new Scanner(System.in);
        retnoargMain3 k0 =new retnoargMain3();
        A k = new A();
        B k1 = new B();
        C k2 = new C();

    byte b = k.show1();
    System.out.println(b);

    short c = k.show2();
    System.out.println(c);

    long d = k1.show3();
    System.out.println(d);

    double e = k1.show4();
    System.out.println(e);

    boolean f = k2.show5();
    System.out.println(f);

    float g = k2.show6();
    System.out.println(g);

    char h = k0.show7();
    System.out.println(h);

    String i = k0.show8();
    System.out.println(i);
    }
}

5)
return and no argument 
even :even() call 
odd :odd() 
factorial :factorial()
pallindrome :pallindrome()
fibonacci :fibonacci() 
reverse :reverse()
swap :swap()

sol.
import java.util.Scanner;
//return and no argument
public class retnoarg4Main {
    Scanner sc = new Scanner(System.in);

    String even() {
        System.out.println("Enter the number to verify if even: ");
        int num = sc.nextInt();
        String a = "EVEN";
        String b = "NOT EVEN";

        if (num % 2 == 0) {
            return a;
        } else {
            return b;
        }
    }

    String odd() {
        System.out.println("Enter the number to verify if odd: ");
        int num = sc.nextInt();
        String a = "ODD";
        String b = "NOT ODD";

        if (num % 2 != 0) {
            return a;
        } else {
            return b;
        }
    }

    int factorial() {
        System.out.println("Enter the number to find out it's facorial: ");
        int num = sc.nextInt();

        int fac = 1;
        for (int i = 1; i <= num; i++) {
            fac *= i;
        }
        return fac;
    }

    String pallindrome() {
        System.out.print("Enter the number to check if pallindrome or not: ");
        int num = sc.nextInt();

        String a = "The Num is Pallindrome.";
        String b = "The Num is not Pallindrome.";

        int rev = 0, temp = num;

        while (temp > 0) {
            int rem = temp % 10;
            rev = rev * 10 + rem;
            temp = temp / 10;
        }
        if (num == rev) {
            return a;
        } else {
            return b;
        }
    }

    int fibanacci() {
        System.out.print("Enter the nth number: ");
        int num = sc.nextInt();

        int a = 0, b = 1, c = 0;

        for (int i = 1; i < num - 1; i++) {
            c = a + b;
            a = b;
            b = c;
        }
        return c;
    }

    int reverse() {
        System.out.print("Enter the number you want to reverse: ");
        int num = sc.nextInt();

        int rev = 0;

        while (num > 0) {
            int rem = num % 10;
            rev = rev * 10 + rem;
            num = num / 10;
        }
        return rev;
    }

    int swap() {
        System.out.println("Enter the first number: ");
        int num1 = sc.nextInt();
        System.out.println("Enter the second number: ");
        int num2 = sc.nextInt();
        int temp;
        temp = num1;
        num1 = num2;
        num2 = temp;
        return num1;
    }

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        retnoarg4Main a = new retnoarg4Main();

        String even = a.even();
        System.out.println(even);

        String odd = a.odd();
        System.out.println(odd);

        int fac = a.factorial();
        System.out.println(fac);

        String pall = a.pallindrome();
        System.out.println(pall);

        int fib = a.fibanacci();
        System.out.println(fib);

        int rev = a.reverse();
        System.out.println(rev);

        int swapped = a.swap();
        System.out.println(swapped);

    }
}
return and  argument 
add() =>a+b 
sub() =>a-b 
multi() =>a*b 
div() =>a/b 
mod() =>a%b

sol.
import java.util.Scanner;
//return and argument
//inside main class
public class retargmain {

    int add(int a,int b) {
        int c = a+b;

    return c;
    }

    int subt(int a, int b) {
        int c = a-b;

        return c;
    }

    int mult(int a, int b) {
        int c = a*b;

        return c;
    }

    int div(int a, int b) {
        int c = a/b;

        return c;
    }

    int mod(int a, int b) {
        int c = a%b;

        return c;
    }

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        Scanner sc = new Scanner(System.in);
        System.out.print("Enter the first number: ");
        int a = sc.nextInt();

        System.out.print("Enter the second number: ");
        int b = sc.nextInt();
        retargmain k = new retargmain();
        
        int add = k.add(a,b);
        System.out.println("Addition is " + add);

        int subt = k.subt(a,b);
        System.out.println("Subtraction is " + subt);

        int mult = k.mult(a,b);
        System.out.println("Multiplication is " + mult);

        int div = k.div(a,b);
        System.out.println("Division is " + div);

        int mod = k.mod(a,b);
        System.out.println("Modulus is " + mod);

    }
}
    



